# big-toyz
Coding Project 1
Jen Campbell
Big Toyz Racing Sponsorship app. Providing info to businesses for marketing purposes. A form for submission on more content. 
Tech used: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap,- note i designed on my wide laptop and it is not responsive...I tried a few things but my layout was terrible and at that point I couldnt go back. So to get the view of how it was designed...wide screen..until i can fix it. 
Future improvement : Redo formatting, didn't quite understand practive of grids until the end, which a-would have made it exponentially faster to design and responsive. 2- Make site responsive. Tried using EMs but they didn't change with the screen changes. Tried to test media query in CSS using background, but it didn't change the color as I resized the screen. So definitely make that responsive site. 3. I would like to make a 360 degree animation of the truck or at least hit key angles that the user can click on to see the facts/details and what the marketing options are (sticker location) 4. Upgrade the styling using grids to layout more aesthetically and set the footer. 5. Fade the carousel on the first page. Tried for a couple days but all the code I tried I couldn't work. 6. use some javascript to enhance it. It's very flat currently. 7. Add more pages. 8.Make it more of a web app. I realize this actually is more on the the web site end of things since I didn't get to the full spectrum of what I would like to do with it. 9. Better nav bar. I hate this one. 10: update things so when i hover they change color. 11. Add store 12-note I just got to a point where i knew I was "hard coding" and specific coding too much but the time invested into some of the dumb details (like the fading carousel slides) killed me and at a certain point I couldn't start over when I figured it out. So learning... happens. Sometimes the hardestway possible. 
